Expose db.SetMaxOpenConns and allow non MySQL dbs to set conn pool params (#8528)
go-gitea/gitea: docs/content/doc/advanced/config-cheat-sheet.en-us.md

- `LOG_SQL`: **true**: Log the executed SQL.
- `DB_RETRIES`: **10**: How many ORM init / DB connect attempts allowed.
- `DB_RETRY_BACKOFF`: **3s**: time.Duration to wait before trying another ORM init / DB connect attempt, if failure occured.
- `MAX_IDLE_CONNS` **2**: Max idle database connections on connnection pool, default is 2

> - `CONN_MAX_LIFETIME` **0 or 3s**: Database connection max lifetime - default is 0, meaning there is no limit (except on MySQL where it is 3s)

Author: Heh it's just what was there before...

https://golang.org/pkg/database/sql/#DB.SetConnMaxLifetime
Says SetConnMaxLifetime sets the maximum amount of time a connection may be reused.

How about:

```suggestion
- `CONN_MAX_LIFETIME` **0 or 3s**: Maximum amount of time a DB connection may be reused - default is 0, meaning there is no limit (except on MySQL where it is 3s)
```
